# 11:51 PM 12/21/2020: Doing work that changes lives.

I am always blown away at some of the nuggets of wisdom I receive on a daily basis from being involved with James, Reece and Eric. Eric made a video the other
day that really made me sit back and think about the work these three individuals are doing to help save the lives of so many different people. He made a quick video about what I bring to the table and it really was emotional for me. He mentioned that I help people live the lives they dream of. Helping someone to start their business or dream. Live the life they have always wanted. Go on vacation when they want. Live on their own time. While I genuinely don't believe that's exactly where I'm at this is precisely the vision I have for what my business can help people do. I so badly want to be able to empower individuals to build the bricks of their digital empire. I believe this is what makes everyone truly able to live the life they want. Another aspect of that is financial stability and independence. I so badly want to shout out so loud that it's so vitally important to be on a plan to get out of debt as fast as humanely possible. I even question how badly do I want to be out of debt when I still get starbucks so much or eat out as much as I do. I really really want to get serious as I can almost taste the debt free coming at the end of this year (2020). I think this puts you in a position to chase after what you truly want to do in life. You really need to liberate yourself from any outside obligation in order to free up your brain to focus on your dreams in all aspects of your life. You can't do this wholeheartedly when you're over your head in DEBT.
